Lauren Russell welcome to 21st century
living
we had the ultimate comfort and
tranquility all suites have access to
our 24-hour surveillance of all key
venues
kind I'll check under this I'd see what
I can dig up a word just last across the
street excuse me dilemma how did you get
through the gate and I have to ask you
to leave this is the pinnacle or I will
call security
have you noticed anything unusual about
your apartment what if someone is using
this building has an experiment coercive
flash images this is not in my head
you're not
we trust
you're operating with a frequency
outside the range of their attack
dampening I think you can help me prove
it what is it my sphere is a little Metz
your condition takes over too much late
hello Lauren
you should get up
lorne you are fully aware of what you've
done but then exactly what was asked of
me
[Music]